Hey, what are you doing? This is my house!
There you are. I'm sorry, Molly, but your sister Jennifer has more equity than you,
and I need to marry a rich heiress, or my father won't give me his company.
And with my uncle back in town, he is extra stressed and pushy.
Does Jennifer know about any of this?
No, my heart is all yours. When I get my father's company,
and Jennifer shares, we can get back together again and we can have everything.
You drove a wedge between me and my family.
I'm not proud of that, but I needed to make sure Jennifer got the most shares.
You need to get the fuck out right now.
Molly.
No, Connor, I always knew all you cared about was money,
but I didn't realize how much of a coward you are.
Get out. Now.
Which time is it?
9.40?
Where are you going?
I'm going to get married.